What is Internet?
The Internet is a vast network that connects computers all over the world. 
Through the Internet, people can share information and communicate from anywhere with an Internet connection.

What is Protocal?
protocol, in computer science, a set of rules or procedures for transmitting data between electronic devices, such as computers.
 In order for computers to exchange information, there must be a preexisting agreement as to how the information will be
 structured and how each side will send and receive it

What is Internet Protocal?
IP stands for "Internet Protocol," which is the set of rules governing the format of data sent via the
 internet or local network. In essence, IP addresses are the identifier that allows information to be sent between devices on a 
 network
 
ex:100.123.23.45

What is Internet Protocal address?
An Internet Protocol address is a numerical label such as 192.0.2.1 that is connected to a computer network that uses the 
Internet Protocol for communication.

What is difference b/w IPv4 and IPv6?
The main difference between IPv4 and IPv6 is the address size of IP addresses. The IPv4 is a 32-bit address, whereas 
IPv6 is a 128-bit hexadecimal address. ... IPv6 increases the IP address from 32 bits to 128 bits to support 
larger address demands.

How to check IP in windows machine?
		Open command promt and type ipconfig

What is LAN?
A local area network is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area 
such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building.

What is WAN?
A wide area network is a telecommunications network that extends over a large geographic area. 
Wide area networks are often established with leased telecommunication circuits.

What is TCP?
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the main protocols of the Internet protocol suite. 
It originated in the initial network implementation in which it complemented the Internet Protocol (IP).

What is Http?
Hypertext Transfer Protocol (often abbreviated to HTTP) is a communications protocol. It is used to send and receive 
webpages and files on the internet.

What is SSL?
SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and its successor, TLS (Transport Layer Security), 
are protocols for establishing authenticated and encrypted links between networked computers. 
Although the SSL protocol was deprecated with the release of TLS 1.0 in 1999, it is still common to refer to these related 
technologies as “SSL” or “SSL/TLS.”

What is Https?
Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is an extension of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). It is used for secure 
communication over a computer network, and is widely used on the Internet.

What is WWW?
The World Wide Web (WWW) is combination of all resources and users on the Internet that are using the 
Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).

What is URI?
A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is a generic term for the names of all resources connected to the World Wide Web.

What is HTML?
The HyperText Markup Language, or HTML is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.
It can be assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets and scripting languages such as JavaScript.

What is World Wide Web?
World-Wide Web (also called WWW or W3) is a hypertext-based information system. Any word in a hypertext document can be
specified as a pointer to a different hypertext document where more information pertaining to that word can be found.

Internet Provider?


What is Web Application?
A web-application is an application program that is usually stored on a remote server, and users can access it through
the use of Software known as web-browser.

What is Web Server?
A web server is computer software and underlying hardware that accepts requests via HTTP or its secure variant HTTPS.

What is Web Browser?
A software application used to access information on the World Wide Web is called a Web Browser.

What is difference between Web site and Web Application?
Web applications and websites are similar but not the same. There’s a whiskey and scotch kind of difference. 
All web apps are websites, but not all websites are web apps.

What is the difference between http and https?
HTTPS is HTTP with encryption. The difference between the two protocols is that HTTPS uses TLS (SSL) to encrypt normal
HTTP requests and responses. As a result, HTTPS is far more secure than HTTP.

What is difference between HTML4 and HTML5?
The main difference between HTML 4 and HTML 5 is that HTML 4 is the 4th and older version of HTML with fewer features
and tags while HTML 5 is the extension of HTML4 and the 5th version of HTML which has new and simple features and has
multiple new tags. ... It has applet tags to display the applets on web browsers.

What is meta data?
Metadata is "data that provides information about other data",[1] but not the content of the data, such as the text
of a message or the image itself. There are many distinct types of metadata, including:

Reference


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CERN


