What is HTTP?
	The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is designed to enable communications between clients and servers.
	HTTP works as a request-response protocol between a client and server.
Example: 
	A client (browser) sends an HTTP request to the server;
	then the server returns a response to the client. 
	The response contains status information about the request and 
	may also contain the requested content.
--
What are different methods are available in HTTP?
	get
	post
	put
	delete
	Head
	patch
	update
--
What is the difference between get and post?

What is GET Method?
	Appends the form data to the URL in name and value pairs.
	Never use GET method to send sensitive and secure data.
	The length of a URL is limited up to 2048 characters.
	Use get method to get the data from the server.
--
What is POST Method?
	Appends the form data inside the body of the HTTP request.
	Use POST method to send sensitive, secure and large amounts of data.
	It has no size limitations.
What is the PUT method?
	POST is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.
	PUT requests are idempotent.
--
What is the difference between post and put?
	We will use POST to create the new record.
	We will use PUT to update the existing record.
	
	The difference between POST and PUT is that PUT requests are idempotent.
What is idempotent?
	Calling PUT request multiple times will always produce the same result.
	calling POST request multiple times have side effects of creating the same resource multiple times.
--
DELETE Method?
	The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.
--
What are HTTP status codes?
	1. Informational responses (100–199)
	2. Successful responses (200–299)
	3. Redirection messages (300–399)
	4. Client error responses (400–499)
	5. Server error responses (500–599)
	
	1. Informational responses:
		100: Continue
		101: Switching Protocols
		103: Early Hints
	

Reference

What is the difference between patch and put?


https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_httpmethods.asp