commit to local
Push to Remote
pull from remote
fetch from local

merge
main
branchs
conflict
resolving
stashing
discard

<<<<<<< Updated upstream
what is git?
	Git is an open-source distributed version control system.
	It is designed to handle minor to major projects with high speed and efficiency.
	The version control allows us to track and work together with our team members at the same workspace.
	
	Feature of git:
			Open-source: Git is an open-source tool. It is released under the GPL (General Public License) license.
			
			Scalable: Git is scalable, which means when the number of users increases, the Git can easily handle such situations.
			
			Speed: Git is very fast, so it can complete all the tasks in a while. Most of the git operations are done on the local repository, so it provides a huge speed. 
			
			Security: Git is secure. It uses the SHA1 (Secure Hash Function) to name and identify objects within its repository.
	Benefits of Git:
			A version control application allows us to keep track of all the changes that we make in the files of our project. Every time we make changes in files of an existing project, we can push those changes to a repository. Other developers are allowed to pull your changes from the repository and continue to work with the updates that you added to the project files. There are some benefits Saves Time,Offline Working,Undo Mistakes,Track the Changes.
What is github?
	GitHub is a Git repository hosting service. 
	GitHub also facilitates with many of its features, such as access control and collaboration.
	It provides a Web-based graphical interface.
	Features of GitHub:
		GitHub is a place where programmers and designers work together. 
		They collaborate, contribute, and fix bugs together. 
		Collaboration.
		Integrated issue and bug tracking.
		Graphical representation of branches.
		Git repositories hosting.
		Project management.
		Team management.
		Code hosting.
		Track and assign tasks.
		Conversations.
	Benefits of GitHub:
		GitHub can be separated as the Git and the Hub. 
		GitHub service includes access controls as well as collaboration features like task management, repository hosting, and team management.
		It is easy to contribute to open source projects via GitHub.
		It helps to create an excellent document.
		You can attract recruiter by showing off your work.
		If you have a profile on GitHub, you will have a higher chance of being recruited.
		It allows your work to get out there in front of the public.
		You can track changes in your code across versions.
	
		
	
	
=======
	Latest Branch
		Dev
	Merge the Latest Branch with Master Branch for every release.
	--
	download git from https://gitforwindows.org/
	install at C:\work\git
	
	How to clone the the repository
		git clone https://github.com/pagidipalaravi/manurupa.git
	--
	How to check current branch
		cd Content
		git branch -a
	--
	How to create a new branch
		git checkout -b dev
			It will creates a new branch and swithces to new branch
	--
	How to push the code to newely created branch
		git push origin dev
	--
	How to check current branch
		cd Content
		git branch -a
	--
	How to create a new file
		git-faq.txt
	--
	How to add a new file to repository
		git add -A
	--
	How to commit the local changes to local repo
		git commit
	--
	How to push local repo changes to remote repo
		git push origin dev
	--
	How to pull remote repo to local repo
		git pull origin dev
	--
	How to fetch local repo to local directory
		git fetch origin dev
	--
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
