How many ways we can apply css to HTML element?
	3 Ways
		1 	Inline
		2	Internal
		3	External
		
What is the difference between display:none and visiblity: hidden?
	display:none
		Removes the element from the document.
		It does not takes up any space in the layout.
	visiblity: hidden
		Hides the element from the document.
		It does takes up space in the layout.
--
2.What are position property values?
	fixed;
	relative;
	obsulute;
	static;
	sticky;
	HTML elements position is static by default.
--
What is Z-index?
	z- index means alligning element on top of behind another element. it is works only position propertys.

3.What s psudeo classes?
	Psudeo classes starts with (:).
	:active:--> It is used to add style to an active element.
	:hover:-->It adds special effects to an element when the user moves the mouse pointer over the element.
	:link:--> It adds style to the unvisited link.
	:visited:-->It adds style to a visited link.
	:lang:--> It is used to define a language to use in a specified element.
	:focus:--> It selects the element which is focused by the user currently.
	:first:-->child	It adds special effects to an element, which is the first child of another element.
4.What is advantages and disadvantages of reffereing css,js files from CDN?  		
	No maintanance
	auto update.
	application size is less.
	disadvantages:
	if the CDN server is down then your application won't render properly.
6.How to develop responsive web applications by using css media quries?
	by using css media quaries we can develop the  Responsive web applications.
	based on our requirement we have divide our screen width different categories.
	min 320 and max 767 for mobiles.
	min 768 and max 1023 for tablets.
	min 1024 for desktops.
	note: width and float is very important.
7.What is difference between display inline,inline-block and block?
	if content displays side by side then we can call "inline display".
	if content displays line by line then we can call "block display"
8.What is display:none and visibility:hidden?
	display:none - it dont accupuy the space.
	visibility:hidden- it occupy the space.but code will be in there.
9.What is difference between margin,padding?
	Padding provides the space between the border and the content of an element.(within the element)
	Margin provides the space between the border and outer elements.(margin from another element)
	border is a immediatley on top of element.
	
10.What is Box model?
	The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.
	
